# Travel Mas 

Our team created a crowd-sourced travel planner full stack web application where users can upload, share, and rate various travel experiences. By creating a full stack application our team gained more experience with both frontend and backend web development while challenging us to further develop our skills in Python and JavaScript. 

Users of the crowd-sourced travel planner, TravelMás, are adventurers. They like to travel and explore the world.  The goal of this application is to provide the user a place to share their travel experiences and also gain inspiration for future travels.  We all appreciate a local friend who can give us insight to the off the beaten path, hidden gems and “must see” places when we visit somewhere new.  This app acts as that invaluable personalized tour guide and open doors to places the user would not have otherwise thought about visiting, enhancing their experience and maximizing their time.

When the user visits the website they are presented with the option to login or search for experiences.  They may search for experiences by location or keyword.  If the user wants to create experiences or trips, they must first login. Experiences can be anything the user would like to share with other users. Some examples of experiences are restaurants, hotels, events, tours, landmarks, parks, museums, fairs, and festivals. The user is able to rate their experience. With this feedback, the user lets others know if they recommend the experience, or if this is an experience to avoid.  If the user is planning to travel, they can create a trip. A trip is a collection of experiences that the user finds interesting, and would like to include in their travels. The experiences in a trip can be the user’s own experiences or experiences of other users. Users can also rate other users’ experiences. If they find someone’s information helpful, they can let them know.

The crowd-sourced travel planner, TravelMás, is a valuable tool to enhance the user’s travel experiences. Get ready to discover, explore, and create memories!
